Mention pitfall in safety documentation (#779)
tcdi/pgx: SAFETY.md

The `palloc*` family of functions may throw a Postgres error but will not return `nullptr`.

You should be careful to avoid using data allocated by Postgres after it has been freed. In particular,
when writing set returning functions, don't directly return referenced data from the arguments without

> cloning the data into memory owned by Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cloning the data into memory with a sufficient lifetime (either allocated by Rust through a system memory allocator, or via Postgres using `pg_sys::SPI_palloc` (for SPI connections) or PGX's `PgMemoryContexts` interface.
```

Reviewer 2: FYI. There’s actually a pgx bug here. And I’m working on fixing it.  

Once fixed we won’t need this PR at all.

Reviewer: Hmm, my idea for this documentation here is that it should be mostly design-level: it should contain whatever principles we need to be mindful of in order to write PGX correctly, which includes the ideas that exist beyond the current implementation.

Reviewer 2: Most of the suggested changes going back-n-forth are informed by bugged behavior.

Reviewer: The real name of this document is probably going to wind up something like `PRIMER_ON_POSTGRES_MEMORY_CONTEXTS.md` tbh.

Reviewer 2: I’ve got the beginnings of a PR that will address this.
